I'm sorry, but errors were detected in your script. Please correct the
errors listed below, and try again.


File "game/screens/Character Profile.rpy", line 91: invalid syntax
    [\
        ["Kiara", im.Scale("images/UI/Kiaraprofile.png", 170, 190), "images/UI/Kiaraprofile.png", "Kiara is a 23-year-old woman who has faced significant challenges in her past but has emerged from them as a strong and resilient individual. Despite being the daughter of a billionaire, she is humble, kind-hearted, and selfless, always putting the needs of others before her own. Kiara is proud of her mixed heritage, being half-Japanese and half-American, and she values her individuality and independence, wanting to be recognized for her own accomplishments rather than her family's wealth. She has recently recovered from a coma that lasted throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, and while she experiences some amnesia about her past, she remains optimistic and determined to build a better future for herself and those she cares about. Although she can be somewhat reserved, Kiara is a trustworthy and loyal friend who believes in the importance of building strong relationships with others."],\
                                                          ^
        ["Veronica", im.Scale("images/UI/veronicaprofile.png", 170, 190), "images/UI/veronicaprofile.png", "Veronica Majors is a highly successful lawyer in New York City, known for both her sharp legal mind and stunning looks. Despite her feminine beauty, Veronica has a tomboyish attitude that sets her apart from other women in her field. At 28 years old, she is still quite young, but she has already made a name for herself in the legal community.Veronica is bisexual by nature and has developed a fondness for Evelyn Hall, the older daughter of Mia. She wants everyone around her, including her cousin Mason, to be happy and fulfilled. Despite her outward confidence, Veronica struggles with feelings of loneliness that she keeps hidden from others. There are only two people in the world who can truly touch Veronica's heart: Mason, who she has known since childhood and has watched grow into a successful lawyer like herself, and Evelyn, who she has loved since they first met. Despite her feelings for Evelyn, Veronica is hesitant to express them for fear of being rejected or causing problems within the family dynamic."],\
        ["Xia", im.Scale("images/UI/xiaprofile.png", 170, 190), "images/UI/xiaprofile.png", "Xia Watanabe is a fierce and skilled woman who has dedicated her life to the art of wing chun, which she learned to protect her loved ones. At 43 years old, Xia resides in Osaka with her father, and longs for her family to be reunited once again. She is deeply caring and always puts the needs of others before her own. Xia has a daughter named Natsuko, and is happily married to Ichigo. Despite her strength and confidence, Xia harbors a deep-seated hatred for John due to his mistreatment of her sister, Mia. However, she endures his presence for the sake of her family. Xia is emotionally stable and resolute, but becomes vulnerable and defensive when it comes to Ichigo, who loves her unconditionally."],\
        ["Mia", im.Scale("images/UI/Miaprofile.png", 170,j 190), "images/UI/Miaprofile.png", "Mia Watanabe/Hall is a 40-year-old Japanese woman who moved to New York after marrying Jonathan Hall. She is a kind and caring person who loves her daughters and wants the best for them. Despite the challenges of her marriage to Jonathan, Mia has always put her daughters first and tried to create a happy home for them. Mia often feels torn between her Japanese heritage and her life in New York, and she struggles with feelings of guilt and a sense of not belonging. She misses her family in Japan but fears they may reject her for leaving, and this weighs heavily on her mental health.Despite her struggles, Mia is a resilient person who keeps pushing forward to make a better life for her daughters. She is determined to create a better future for them, even if it means sacrificing her own happiness in the process."],\
    

Ren'Py Version: Ren'Py 8.0.3.22090809
Fri Apr 28 21:25:03 2023
